Okay, stop pretending
I still don't know who you are
Seriously.
I'm going on this trip too
What are you going to do?
If you leave, who will see the situation?
Besides, are you willing to let the second aunt take care of the second uncle alone?
But nothing but you
You are not allowed to go either
If a girl really encounters any danger on the way home
Should I protect myself or protect you?
I don't need your insurance
Nice to say, I really thought I was Barbie
Hey, good swordsmanship brother, don't be cowardly, get out
Okay, don't be upset.
Someone has to watch the house, okay okay
Then be careful on your way
Go early and come back early
Don't worry, there is a sister-in-law here
It's gonna be okay.
Gone, big brother
You must stay away from that woman this time
Why is that?
I always feel that he is not a good person oh oh yes
Big brother has something for you to do
What's up
Don't worry.
Ask the big brother to do what he says, okay?